Part of me, good women.
I heard that Jesus the Nazarene is somewhere in the area.
Have you seen him?
Why are you seeking him out?
Are you one of his disciples?
Are you one of his servants?
My dear woman, from what I hear the size of the crowds
will not allow you to come near Jesus.
Do not even dream of meeting him.
Sisters, sisters, where is your love of strangers?
Please excuse the rudeness.
How can we be of assistance?
Come, sit here with us.
Thank you.
I have an urgent need to meet the Lord Jesus.
Well, I'm not sure he's any kind of Lord,
but I can tell you I've heard no reports
about Jesus being around here.
Are you related to him?
No.
But I heard that he's curing the sick.
And I'm a very sick woman.
I've suffered from a flow of blood for some 12 years.
I've been unable to get a cure from anyone.
And I've suffered so much at the hands of many physicians.
All of my money has been spent on this dreadful condition.
And after all these efforts, am I better?
No.
I've become worse.
When I heard about Jesus and the miracles that he has performed,
I knew he must be from God.
I have faith in his power.
He can heal me even if I could touch just the fringes
of his outer garment.
I will get well.
Otherwise, I will surely die.
Teacher, teacher again.
I plead with you.
My little daughter is extremely ill.
Please come and put your hands on her.
So she may get well and live.
Please come to my house.
Jesus, this is Jeris, one of the presenting officers of the synagogue.
He has been begging for your help.
Jeris, where is your daughter?
Please take me to her.
She's a beautiful girl.
She's my only daughter.
She's only 12 years old and she is dying.
Please come quickly.
I will come.
Please lead the way.
Who touched my outer garments?
Who touched me?
Not me, my Lord.
Peter, James, did one of you touch me?
No, my Lord.
Jesus, surely you can see the crowds pressing in on you.
Can you ask?
Who touched me?
Someone touched me.
For I know that power went out of me.
Woman, did you touch the Lord?
I have touched you.
I merely touched the fringes of his outer garments.
I have no fear.
You've done nothing wrong.
Tell me, why did you touch my garment?
I have been very ill for 12 years.
Many physicians have treated me.
I have spent all that I had trying to find a cure,
but my condition got no better.
Rather, I got worse.
I've heard about you.
I have faith in you.
I knew that if I could just touch the fringes
of your outer garment, I could get well.
Forgive me.
I just wanted to get well.
Take courage, daughter.
Your faith has made you well.
Go in peace and be healed from your grievous sickness.
Jeris, Jeris, your daughter has died.
Let me take you home.
My father-to-teacher any longer.
Jeris, I am sorry about your little daughter,
but have no fear.
Only have faith, and she will be saved.
Take me to see her.
Stop weeping, for she did not die.
But it's sleeping.
Please, move away from the house.
Jeris, make sure the people stay out.
You and your wife come with me, please.
Peter, James, John, come with me, please.
Jesus, she's already dead.
I beg all of you, wait outside, please.
Little girl, I say to you, get up.
Teacher, I am forever indebted to you.
My daughter, my only child, she's back.
Thank you.
Jeris, I must insist on your discretion regarding this matter.
Please do not tell anyone that the girl was indeed dead
and that she was brought back to life.
Now this little girl is hungry.
Bring her something to eat.